feature: Add shouldRetry option (#75)
sindresorhus/p-retry: readme.md

If the `onFailedAttempt` function throws, all retries will be aborted and the original promise will reject with the thrown error.

##### shouldRetry(error)

Type: `Function`

Decide if a retry should occur based on the error. Returning true triggers a retry, false aborts with the error.

> shouldRetry is not called for TypeErrors (except network errors) and AbortError.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is not called for `TypeError` (except network errors) and `AbortError`.
```

Reviewer: index.d.ts too
